c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Scripting.exe.config
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Scripting.exe
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Scripting.pdb
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Vse.Web.Serialization.dll
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.Modules.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.SQLite.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\IronPython.Wpf.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\bin\Debug\Vse.Web.Serialization.pdb
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\obj\Debug\Scripting.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\obj\Debug\Scripting.exe
c:\users\rkoncare\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Scripting\Scripting\obj\Debug\Scripting.pdb
